Gantt and FileManager: Change the Getting Started section, Describe concepts (#62)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/05 Widgets/Gantt/10 Gantt Elements/30 Resource.md

    $(function() {
        $("#gantt").dxGantt({
            showResources: false
        });
    }); 

**Resource assignments** specify which resources are assigned to tasks. You can assign multiple resources to a task.

![DevExtreme Gantt Chart - Resource Assignments](/images/Gantt/resource-assignments.png)

The **Gantt** widget gets data for resources and resource assignments from the following data sources:

- Resources: [dataSource](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxGantt/Configuration/resources/#dataSource)

- Resource Assignments: [dataSource](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxGantt/Configuration/resourceAssignments/#dataSource) 

The objects from the data sources are automatically bound to the widget if these objects have the default data fields in its structure. For example:

    // Resource
    {        
        'id': 1,
        'text': 'Management'       
    }
    // Resource Assignment
    {        
        'id': 0,
        'taskId': 3,
        'resourceId': 1
    }

> The following example illustrates how to bind the widget to resource and resource assignment objects stored in the data sources that contains data fields with conventional names:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example illustrates how to bind the widget to resources and resource assignment objects stored in the data sources that contain data fields with conventional names:
```
